hey guys Larry here and today I've got
the Samsung nx20 Ellis camera this new
camera offers DSLR quality images but
it's lighter and smaller than a DSLR and
it has great pocket ability and some
really cool features the NX 200 has a
huge twenty point three megapixel aps-c
CMOS sensor giving images the crisp look
you'd expect from DSLRs the NX 200 is
available with the image stabilized 18
to 55 standard zoom lens but Samsung
also has eight other lenses in its
ever-growing system including three
super compact pancake lenses and a macro
lens this is the 20 millimeter lens
which is not only lightweight but has an
updated user interface that supports
Samsung's I function lens technology now
I function technology is really nice
because it gives you quick intuitive
access to manually select and adjust
things like shutter speed aperture value
exposure value ISO sensitivity and white
balance without ever looking away from
the live view of the scene you're about
to capture and with changes to things
like exposure and white balance the
image on the LCD immediately reflects
the adjustments so users get a preview
of what they're about to capture and
keeping with the user-friendly intuitive
interface the NX 200 has a smart panel
now a smart panel gives you quick access
to manually control the full collection
of image capture settings from color
space to exposure compensation and even
creative controls Samsung's intuitive
icons explain each function along the
way making the whole process really
simple one of the trends we're seeing a
lot in this new class of mirrorless
cameras is the inclusion of special
effects and Samsung's NX 200 is a solid
competitor with its creative effects it
has 10 different smart filter effects
and six of those can be used through the
eye function lens allowing the user to
take advantage of those filters without
ever having to take your eye off the
subject being photographed the NX 200
also has magic frame effects now that
gives you 12
four types of frames so you can create
poster quality visuals from magazine
covers to holiday themes the new
panorama mode captures wide landscapes
or lengthened vertical shots the NX 200
also shoots in 3d mode but you can blend
the 3d capture and the panoramic mode at
the same time Samsung's NX 200 captures
1080p HD video at 30 frames a second
with stereo sound there's a dedicated
movie record button and videos are saved
as mp4 files it has a wide ranging ISO
from one hundred to twelve thousand
eight hundred and you can capture seven
frames a second in burst mode on the
back is a 3-inch six hundred and
fourteen thousand dot active-matrix
o LED display that's even viewable in
sunlight aspect ratio choices of three
by two 16 by 9 and 1/2 1 square images
are available for stills in addition to
fully automatic shooting pros are gonna
appreciate that the NX 200 has program
mode aperture priority shutter priority
and full manual mode and files are saved
as raw or raw plus JPEG the NX 200 kit
also includes a small removable flash
that snaps right into the hot shoe
the Samsung nx20 has USB and HDMI out
ports for computer and HDTV
compatibility respectively and
everything is saved to SDHC and SDXC
cards so you've got great resolution an
innovative user interface and a great
collection of automated and manual
controls in a small quality mirrorless
camera from the folks at Samsung with
the Samsung nx20 I'm Larry Becker thanks
for watching for more information please
visit us online give us a call or stop
by our new york city superstore you can
also connect with us on the web